.\"Modified from man(1) of FreeBSD, the NetBSD mdoc.template, and mdoc.samples.
.\"See Also:
.\"man mdoc.samples for a complete listing of options
.\"man mdoc for the short list of editing options
.\"/usr/share/misc/mdoc.template
.Dd 2/2/24               \" DATE
.Dt AVDANPAC 1      \" Program name and manual section number
.Os Darwin
.Sh AVDANPAC                 \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm Avdanpac,
.nd a simple and intuitive package manager written for the avdanos
.\" The following lines are read in generating the apropos(man -k) database. Use only key
.\" words here as the database is built based on the words here and in the .ND line.
.\" Use .Nm macro to designate other names for the documented program.
.Nd This line parsed for whatis database.
.Sh USAGE             \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm avdanpac
.OP Op help / version  / install / remove / removeudata / update            \" []
.OP Op nothing ore packagename(s)          \" []
.Sh DESCRIPTION          \" Section Header - required - don't modify
Avdanpac is a simple and fast gz package manager which can be used in an isolated envoirement (but doesnt have to).
It works by supplying a Package.gz file which contains a Package (.nothing just package) list. 
.Pp
.\" .Sh ENVIRONMENT      \" May not be needed
.\" .Bl -tag -width "ENV_VAR_1" -indent \" ENV_VAR_1 is width of the string ENV_VAR_1
.\" .It Ev ENV_VAR_1
.\" Description of ENV_VAR_1
.\" .It Ev ENV_VAR_2
.\" Description of ENV_VAR_2
.\" .El
.Sh FILES                \" File used or created by the topic of the man page
.Bl -tag -width "/Users/joeuser/Library/really_long_file_name" -compact
.It Pa /etc/aospac/*
.Nd which stores essential data and a lot of scripts as well as the pkg list.
.It Pa /bin/avdanpac
.Nd which manages all commands and does all command handling.
.It Pa /usr/bin
.Nd Packages themselves are installed in
.El                      \" Ends the list
.\" .Sh DIAGNOSTICS       \" May not be needed
.\" .Bl -diag
.\" .It Diagnostic Tag
.\" Diagnostic informtion here.
.\" .It Diagnostic Tag
.\" Diagnostic informtion here.
.\" .El
.Sh SEE ALSO
.\" List links in ascending order by section, alphabetically within a section.
.\" Please do not reference files that do not exist without filing a bug report
.Xr AvdanOS 1 ,
.Xr avdanpac-gui 1 ,
.Xr container-graph 1 
.\" .Sh BUGS              \" Document known, unremedied bugs
.\" .Sh HISTORY           \" Document history if command behaves in a unique manner
